So our edit is looking pretty good.
I see that a lot.
But we make a lot of pretty good edits.
So what I did since the last time I saw you a few seconds ago was I labeled a few of these clips in
this timeline yellow.
And what I want to teach in this lesson is and we've turc we've touched on it before.
We're not going to do warp stabilization for this edit because we've already done that a ton in previous
edits.
But I want to dive even more into scaling and using the position parameters, among other things, to
add a little bit of extra sauce to our edit.
So all of these yellow ones, we're going to do a little quick pass on scaling attribute.
So we have our intro bio shots.
These are great.
We don't need to touch them.
But let's think of this first shot.
So you can see it's a push in shot on a Steadicam.
And there's a few things going on.
There's Vtes photographer shooting photos, so you can kind of see the flash right here.
So I want to actually use that moment to scale up the image.
So I'll explain what I mean.
So we have this image and then now we have two clips.
So on the second one, let's put this to let's say one 20 ANGAU here.
So now we have.
So it kind of adds to the actual edit, it takes, you know, that flashiness, there was kind of a
distraction like this.
And when we scale it up.
OK, cool.
That's looking really good.
That's adding some style and some feeling.
So what I'm also going to do is go to the beginning of this clip, add a scaling keyframe.
Go to the end of the clip.
Scale it up to, let's say, one seven.
And we don't want to cut off his feet.
So let's do a position key frame as well.
And go down as we're scaling in, and now that pushing is even more intense at the top, you can see
these moving as we go forward.
So let's do that same thing to this next.
Part of the clip, we'll go from 120 to 127.
And let's see.
OK, cool.
I'm liking that.
And we have our next one right here.
Yes.
So for this moment, let's try and do is zoom out.
I don't know.
Let's see.
So I'm going to go to the beginning of the clip, go to, let's say, 115.
Go to the end.
Go to a hundred.
OK.
That's cool.
So without this and then with.
There's just a little bit more electricity and energy in that shot with that movement.
Now I could bring it up even more by adding a position key frame at the beginning.
Have it start over here.
And zoom in even more.
OK, I'm liking that.
So let's scrub forward.
Yeah.
So we have this shot, this one right here.
This one I know I want to have a zoom out because we kind of have this pause in the song.
He stops the performance and then we go right back into a striking point in the track.
So we go to the first part hit scale, go to the part where right before we cut to this next shot,
do another scale keyframe.
I'm going to zoom way in like, let's say one 30.
OK, too much.
Let's do 120.
OK, that's a little too much.
I still say it's too one 15.
OK, cool.
I'm liking that.
Now, this shot.
I know I want to have a zoom in for here, and it's really amazing what just a simple zoom in, zoom
out additions can really just add because, you know, there's a nice little push and you can see the
camera is slowly moving towards our subject.
But we're going to take that movement that's naturally there in camera when we were actually shooting.
And we're just going to multiply its intensity by adding this digital zoom and movement and post-production.
Nice, so those flow way more, you can see the animation that's going on there, the key framing that's
happening.
So if I go ahead and take these off by right clicking and removing the motion attribute.
And if I put it back
way cooler, way more juicy, is I right?
So now I think the last one that needed a little extra something.
Yeah.
Is this final zoom.
Is this final ending shot so.
Yeah.
I don't know if we necessarily need a zoom out, but I think that what I want to do here is a time remapping
shot.
So we've done this before together.
I'm going to go to right click the clip, go to show click keyframes, go to time remapping.
And right on that ending note, I want to have a cool just hyper fast.
This is kind of pull out because there's a natural that I just want to speed up this motion so it has
a little bit more intensity.
So.
Let's see.
OK, let's make it a little bit more gradual.
OK.
OK, cool.
So that just adds a little bit more of a cool kind of glitchy ness a little bit at the end.
So we have a fast kind of whip zoom out at the end and we have a really cool zoom push in at the beginning.
Perfect.
So we just went through and updated about five or six of these clips that were lined up with important
striking moments, important beats in our track.
And by doing these updates, we made those moments in the track feel a lot more cool.
And so let's hop into the next video lesson where we're going to continue to refine this edit.